Revised about language (#101627)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-edge/about-iot-edge.md

[!INCLUDE [iot-edge-version-all-supported](../../includes/iot-edge-version-all-supported.md)]

Azure IoT Edge is a device-focused runtime that enables you to deploy, run, and monitor containerized Linux workloads.

> Analytics drives business value in IoT solutions, but not all analytics needs to be in the cloud. Azure IoT Edge helsp you bring the analytical power of the cloud closer to your devices to drive better business insights and enable offline decision making. For example, you can run anomaly detection workloads at the edge to respond as quickly as possible to emergencies happening on a production line. If you want to reduce bandwidth costs and avoid transferring terabytes of raw data, you can clean and aggregate the data locally then only send the insights to the cloud for analysis.

Reviewer: Typo suggestions.

```suggestion
Analytics drives business value in IoT solutions, but not all analytics need to be in the cloud. Azure IoT Edge helps you bring the analytical power of the cloud closer to your devices to drive better business insights and enable offline decision making. For example, you can run anomaly detection workloads at the edge to respond as quickly as possible to emergencies happening on a production line. If you want to reduce bandwidth costs and avoid transferring terabytes of raw data, you can clean and aggregate the data locally then only send the insights to the cloud for analysis.
```

Author: Thanks.  Will use.

### Artificial intelligence at the edge

> Azure IoT Edge allows you to deploy complex event processing, machine learning, image recognition, and other high value AI without writing it in-house. Azure services like Azure Stream Analytics, and Azure Machine Learning can all be run on-premises via Azure IoT Edge. You're not limited to Azure services, though. Anyone is able to create AI modules and make them available to the community for use through the Azure Marketplace.

Reviewer: There was a PR submitted by Adaeze with a suggested change to the last sentence. https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-pr/pull/218763. Let me know if you agree with the change or we should keep *community*.

Author: Added a comment to that PR.  At first glance I think we should keep _community_.  But, perhaps there's a customer example that would change my thinking.
